[ACA] [310519] Convert tutorial-event-driven-jobs to use managed identity. (#125109)
Azure/azure-content: articles/container-apps/tutorial-event-driven-jobs.md

        --connection-string "$QUEUE_CONNECTION_STRING"
    ```

## Create a user-assigned managed identity

> You can pull images from private repositories in Microsoft Azure Container Registry using managed identities for authentication to avoid the use of administrative credentials. When possible, you should use a user-assigned managed identity to pull images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid using administrative credentials, pull images from private repositories in Microsoft Azure Container Registry using managed identities for authentication. When possible, use a user-assigned managed identity to pull images.
```

1. Create a user-assigned managed identity. Before you run the following commands, replace the `\<PLACEHOLDERS\>` with the name of your managed identity. 

    ```bash

>     IDENTITY="<YOUR_IDENTITY_NAME>"

Reviewer: How will the reader know what value to put here? Add a comment to tell them they can pick a name.

Author: Added.

Author: Added.

        --name "$CONTAINER_REGISTRY_NAME" \
        --resource-group "$RESOURCE_GROUP" \
        --location "$LOCATION" \
        --sku Basic
    ```

> 1. Your container registry must allow ARM audience tokens for authentication in order to use managed identity to pull images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Your container registry must allow Azure Resource Manager (ARM) audience tokens for authentication in order to use managed identity to pull images.
```

>     Use the following command to check if ARM tokens are allowed to access your ACR:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use the following command to check if ARM tokens are allowed to access your Azure Container Registry (ACR):
```

    ```azurecli
    az acr config authentication-as-arm show --registry "$CONTAINER_REGISTRY_NAME"
    ```

>     If ARM tokens aren't allowed, allow them with the following command:

Reviewer: How will they know if tokens aren't allowed?

    | `--scale-rule-auth` | The authentication for the scale rule. |
    | `--secrets` | The secrets to use for the job. |
    | `--registry-server` | The container registry server to use for the job. For an Azure Container Registry, the command automatically configures authentication. |
    | `--mi-user-assigned` | The resource ID of the user-assigned managed identity to assign to the job. |

>     | `--registry-identity` | The resource ID of a managed identity to authenticate with the registry server instead of username/password. If possible, an 'acrpull' role assignemnt will be created for the identity automatically. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `--registry-identity` | The resource ID of a managed identity to authenticate with the registry server instead of using a username and password. If possible, an 'acrpull' role assignment is created for the identity automatically. |
```
